Send this list to: 
	o ext-marius.poenar@nokia.com

ThemeApplet:
    (1) Check the 'themes' applet brief widget in the 'look & feel' category.
        o There should be a localized 'themes' line as the name of the applet.
	o There should be the actual theme name as the secondary line.
	o There should be an icon representing the actual themes.

    (2) Activate the theme applet
        o There should be at least one theme represented by its name and icon

    (3) Activate the theme from the 'look & feel' category. Click on a theme 
        name in 'available themes' that is not the current theme.
        
	A dialog should be shown with the localized buttons 'select' and
	'cancel'. 

	Click on the 'select button', the theme should be changed.

	Click on the back button at the top right corner of the window.

	The controlpanel should page back to the 'look & feel' category.

	Check the 'themes' applet brief as described in (1). It should show the
	new theme as it is the current theme.

Wallpaper applet
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    (1) Activate the 'wallpapers' applet from the 'look & feel' category of the
        control panel.

        Select an item from the list of the available wallpaper. A new page
	should be shown with the selected image.

	Click on the 'done' titlebar button. The applet should page back to the
	available wallpapers list.

	Check that the 'done' button has been disappeared from the window
	titlebar.

	Click on the back button. The controlpanel should page back to the 'look
	& feel' category.

	Check the 'wallpapers' applet. It should show the name and the thumbview
	of the selected wallpaper.

    (3) To check the editing of an image do the following:

        o Activate the wallpaper applet.
	o Select an image that is not the current wallpaper.
	o When the image appears in the editor window check that it fills the
  	  entire screen (no black background).
	o Move the image by dragging it around in different directions.
	o Scale the image with the two-finger gesture.
	o End up with the editing so that parts of the original image is not on
	  the screen (for the next test).
        o Press 'done', then the back button and go back to the desktop screen.
	o Check if the edited version is shown in the background.
    
    (4) To check the re-editing of the image do the following:

        o Perform test (3) to get an edited image that has parts outside the
	  screen.
	o Activate the 'wallpapers' applet again.
	o Activate the current image to edit it.
	o Move/scale the image to see if the parts that are outside the screen
	  can be seen again.

    (5) To check the orientation support on the wallpapers applet do the
        following:

	o Repeat test (3) and (4) while rotating the device between
  	  landscape/portrait.
	o Check if the offset and scale is set for portrait/landscape
	  as it is expected.

    (6) To check the CUD (clean user data) facility of the wallpaper applet do
        the following.

	o Perform test (3) to get the edited image saved.
	o Activate the 'reset settings' applet.
	o Select 'clean user data', then press ok and wait for the reboot.
	o Check if the default wallpapers shown in the desktop.
	o Check if the user's ~/.wallpapers directory is removed along with its
	  content.
